Added K8s Example (#1)
lpasselin/tailscale-docker: README.md

Not complex but more complex than the simple-example.
A nginx layer is added. It manages two services in independent containers at locations `/service-one` and `/service-two`.

## K8S

Simple K8S example.

> Build and push the image to a registry, and change to image name, in the deployment.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build and tag the image (or push to a registry). Change `YOUR_IMAGE` in the deployment.yaml file.
```

Author: Agree on that change
